What is the maximum amount of cash a player can hold?
Eevee won trivia! Answer: 2147m

What is the lowest number you can roll with a Dicebag?
Expert Kai won trivia! Answer: 1

What Crafting level do you need to craft an Amulet of Fury?
Endeavour won trivia! Answer: 90

What spellbook has Ice Barrage on it?
Didgeridoo won trivia! Answer: ancients

Which Wilderness Demi-boss has two phases?
Didgeridoo won trivia! Answer: vet'ion

Which Donator Rank allows access to ::ddz?
Lime won trivia! Answer: diamond

What is the new best-in-slot magic weapon on Onyx?
Lime won trivia! Answer: cataclysm

What is the name of the new World Boss on Onyx?
Soap won trivia! Answer: callus

What Hunter creature can you catch at level 77?
Hand Key won trivia! Answer: grenwall

What is the highest level Slayer Master available on Onyx?
China won trivia! Answer: kuradel

What is the name of the Bandos GWD General?
China won trivia! Answer: graardor

Who helped Zio construct the VIP Zone?
Azure won trivia! Answer: monk

How many Loyalty Tokens does a Thok's Sword cost?
Answer: 1000

What fancy monster is presented on our client background?
Answer: dragon

What Agility level do you need to access the Advanced Gnome Course?
Azure won trivia! Answer: 85

What is the top Donator Rank on Onyx?
Blackfrost won trivia! Answer: zenyte

What is the name of the final boss in the Theatre of Blood?
Mr Pog won trivia! Answer: lady verzik

What is the name of Nick and Zio's unique PvM events?
Blackfrost won trivia! Answer: the horde

What are the name of a Loadout you can customize via the rightmost icon in the Quest tab?
D V D 112 won trivia! Answer: preset

How many trivia questions must be answered for a regular Completionist Cape?
Blackfrost won trivia! Answer: 3

What is the name of the PvM event with the most variety of bosses?
Cliff won trivia! Answer: boss bonanza

How many skills do we have on Onyx?
Darkeyman won trivia! Answer: 25

What drops the Primordial crystal?
Abbo won trivia! Answer: cerberus

What boss drops Torva, Pernix, and Virtus equipment?
Mrfuzzy won trivia! Answer: nex

How many pieces of armor are there in the Justiciar set?
Dazed won trivia! Answer: 3

What boss drops the Trident of the Seas?
Eat My Str99 won trivia! Answer: kraken

What is the name of the Spider boss within the Wilderness?
Fe Mortem won trivia! Answer: venenatis

What stall can you pickpocket at ::home if you have 60 Thieving?
Fe Mortem won trivia! Answer: ruby

What is Zulrah's signature ranged weapon drop?
Pillson won trivia! Answer: toxic blowpipe

Which Prayer level unlocks Soul Split?
Iron Doinks won trivia! Answer: 92

How many waves are there in the Inferno?
Kennn won trivia! Answer: 69

What Summoning level do you need to summon a Steel Titan?
Choppy won trivia! Answer: 99

What is the name of the blue dragon boss?
Dazed won trivia! Answer: vorkath

How many vote tickets can you receive every 12H?
Shalina won trivia! Answer: 10

What minigame have teams that consist of Zamorak and Saradomin?
Whiplashx won trivia! Answer: castle wars

What monster drops Dragon Claws?
Mr Pog won trivia! Answer: tormented demon

What command allows me to teleport to the previous location I was in?
China won trivia! Answer: prev

How much xp do you need to achieve 120 in a skill (to the nearest million)?
Bigwangwang won trivia! Answer: 104m

What Summoning level do you need to summon a Pack Yak?
Crazy Pvm won trivia! Answer: 96

How many spins do you get per day if you are a Diamond Donator?
Bigwangwang won trivia! Answer: 5

Which Donator Rank allows access to ::dz?
Bigwangwang won trivia! Answer: sapphire

How many skills do we have on Onyx?
Expert Kai won trivia! Answer: 25

What is the name of the altar that allows you to switch to any spellbook?
Dazed won trivia! Answer: altar of the occult

What minigame allows you to obtain Swift Gloves?
Mr Pog won trivia! Answer: dominion tower

When receiving a gravestome upon death, which direction does it spawn from the bank at ::home?
Shn won trivia! Answer: south

What armor type do you have a chance of acquiring from Minigame Boxes? 
Ext Kreygasm won trivia! Answer: hybrid
How many Dungeoneering Tokens do you need to buy a Chaotic?
Insanethingy won trivia! Answer: 1000000What platform can you join to stay up-to-date with Onyx news, market, media, etc?
Expert Kai won trivia! Answer: discord
What is the name of the Spider boss within the Wilderness?
Expert Kai won trivia! Answer: venenatis
How many vote tickets can you receive every 12H?
Expert Kai won trivia! Answer: 10
Kreygasm won trivia! Answer: pre share
Mattzero1 won trivia! Answer: discord
Smh won trivia! Answer: sotetseg
Rash won trivia! Answer: 3
Rash won trivia! Answer: ring of vigour
Temple won trivia! Answer: south
What is the top Donator Rank on Onyx?
Tai Won won trivia! Answer: zenyte
How many skills do we have on Onyx?
What Dungeoneering setting, not recommended for beginners, disables the team key pouch?
What are the name of a Loadout you can customize via the rightmost icon in the Quest tab?
Rapt0r won trivia! Answer: preset
Taiwan won trivia! Answer: twisted bow
What minigame allows you to obtain Swift Gloves?
John Park won trivia! Answer: dominion tower
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer What command opens up the Onyx Teleport Interface?
Jakespker won trivia! Answer: tp
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer What is the name of the Spider boss within the Wilderness?
Jetkaikk won trivia! Answer: venenatis
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer What is the name of Nick and Zio's unique PvM events?
Jakespker won trivia! Answer: the horde
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer Which Wilderness Demi-boss has two phases?
Jakespker won trivia! Answer: vet'ion
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer What minigame allows you to obtain Swift Gloves?
Xenix won trivia! Answer: dominion tower
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer How many waves are there in the Inferno?
Xenix won trivia! Answer: 69
Morgoth won trivia! Answer: sotetseg
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer What is the best way to search items dropped by NPC's?
Jetkaikk won trivia! Answer: searchitem
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer What is the name of the blue dragon boss?
Jetkaikk won trivia! Answer: vorkath
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer What revision of RSPS does Onyx fall under?
Iron Janna won trivia! Answer: 718
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer What is the name of the final boss in the Theatre of Blood?
Iron Janna won trivia! Answer: lady verzik
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer What is Zio's favorite color partyhat?
Iron Janna won trivia! Answer: purple
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer What is the name of the Bandos GWD General?
Iron Janna won trivia! Answer: graardor
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer How many Loyalty Tokens does a Thok's Sword cost?
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer What minigame have teams that consist of Zamorak and Saradomin?
Iron Janna won trivia! Answer: castle wars
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer Who is the new Developer of Onyx?
Iron Janna won trivia! Answer: simplex
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer What monster drops Dragon Claws?
Iron Janna won trivia! Answer: tormented demon
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer Who is the Owner and Developer of Onyx?
Iron Janna won trivia! Answer: dragonkk
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer How many skills do we have on Onyx?
Iron Janna won trivia! Answer: 25
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer What is the top Donator Rank on Onyx?
Iron Janna won trivia! Answer: zenyte
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer What is the name of the PvM event with the most variety of bosses?
Jetkaikk won trivia! Answer: boss bonanza
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer What is the best-in-slot ring on Onyx?
Dragonokkk won trivia! Answer: infinity ring
<col=ffff00>Broadcast: ::answer How many vote tickets can you receive every 12H?
Dragonokkk won trivia! Answer: 10
